Hi and welcome back in this video we're looking at pulling other people's changes now because we're
working by ourselves in this project.
We're not going to be receiving changes or nobody else is going to be making changes to our remote repository
.
However it's important to know how you can do that.
To remember get easy distributed version control system.
That means that if you are working with somebody else you can both download the remote repository.
You can clone it.
And that means you will both have all of the code in the application and then the other person can make
some changes you can make some changes.
Hopefully not in the same files that tends to be a problem but nevertheless you can both make changes
then you can both push the changes and then naturally you'll both want to download and receive the other
person's changes.
So what to do in this case is do get pull and that's it.
If the other person has committed that changes into the master branch then get pool will automatically
download and the master branch because we are currently in the master branch which we can check with
get status on branch must if we do get pull it will try to download things from M..
But it is already up to date because we are the only person making changes here.
But that is how you pull changes that other people have pushed into the master branch.
This section is not meant to be a complete view on everything gets deleted.
So we've not looked at branches.
However it is possible to create branches and then download other people's created branches.
As long as they've pushed them previously and there's also a bunch of other things that we can do however
I wanted to introduce you to get so that the projects that we create in the scores and other projects
that you create for your own pleasure you can put them in get hub for your employers to see and for
other people to see as well in these projects you'll most likely be working by yourself.
But if it does come to having to work with other people please do read the good hub to get documentation
which is an get dash Cmdr.
Com we've seen that in the past and or optionally you can search for more.
Get guides on the internet.
Remember this is not a complete get.
Course this is just meant to introduce you to some of the things that it can do.
You can start putting your project in there OK and hope you enjoyed the section.
Everything for it and we'll see you in the next one.